hi I'm photo John for photography
calm down new box
and open this sucker up and show you
it's there we go
that is a beauty that is the like of
Velux 30 the latest point-and-shoot
camera from Leica it's a 14 megapixel
superzoom camera with a 16 time zoom
lens equivalent to 24 to 384 in the 35
millimeter format there's one other
thing in this box we get that again nice
like a style this is a leather case for
the camera beautiful this being a super
zoom camera one of the first things we
want to look at is the lens once again
that's a 16 times zoom lens 24 to 384
millimeter equivalent and it's got
optical image stabilization in it it's a
Leica lens of course one of the other
cool things about the Velux 30 is that
it has a touchscreen LCD display right
now it's turned on so that if I touch
the display it will focus where I touch
and take a picture that is pretty cool
so it's selective auto focus and
exposure at the same time note that it
says GPS right there yes
the velux 30 has built-in GPS let's take
a look here go into the menu see that
right there there are the GPS settings
now GPS and the camera isn't for finding
your way around a strange town or for
finding your way home when you get lost
GPS and your camera is for tagging
photos so that you can search them and
share them by location imagine
having a map on your computer and
clicking on a spot and being able to see
your photos that you took from that spot
that's what it's for of course like most
cameras now the Velux 30 has Full HD
video this is what the Q menu quick menu
HD VGA and Q VGA and it's in the it's in
the AVCHD format which provides better
compression doesn't use as much battery
life full HD video means 19 by 1920 by
1080 pixels resolution and there's a
dedicated video button right here you
just hit that button to start video
recording anytime you want whatever mode
you're in another thing that I am
excited about with this camera is it'll
shoot 10 frames per second at full
resolution again looking at this menu
see this the options right here 5 with
autofocus 10 frames per second 40 frames
per second which is at reduced
resolution 60 frames per second also at
reduced resolution 2 frames per second
with continuous autofocus 5 with
continuous autofocus and again 10 frames
per second at maximum resolution I shoot
a lot of outdoor action sports a camera
like this that'll do 10 frames per
second and has a 16 times zoom lens
awesome another thing that's really cool
about this camera for serious
photographers is that it has manual mode
full manual exposure mode see the meter
there you can adjust aperture and
shutter speed see there there's the
shutter speed right there making it
faster slower or aperture
bigger aperture smaller apertures so for
more experienced photographers full
manual control which is awesome
I know some of you no doubt are saying
but photo John isn't that like a just a
Panasonic with a red dot on it well yeah
and it is a sweet red dot but those of
you who've read about this camera a
little bit know that this costs seven
hundred and fifty bucks and this right
here we go I've got the Panasonic to
this Panasonic costs about four hundred
399 I think is the retail so why should
you buy the Leica instead of the
Panasonic there actually is a reason it
has a much better warranty two-year
comprehensive warranty no matter what
happens to the camera
Leica will replace it that's not the
case with the panasonic i think that
panasonic has a one-year limited
warranty on it also the like it comes
with adobe photoshop elements for image
editing and Adobe Premiere Elements for
video editing I think that right there
is worth about 200 bucks if you don't
already have software so that almost
makes up the difference but the key
thing and the reason that I'm most
interested in the in the Leica over the
Panasonic is Leica has their own JPEG
processing in the past I've been
disappointed with Panasonic's JPEG
processing a few years ago I actually
had the opportunity to test a Leica and
a Panasonic at the same time the deluxe
three and the the deluxe three and the
LX to both high-end compacts premium
compacts with raw but just like these
cameras like I had their own JPEG
processing and the difference between
the JPEGs and the two cameras was pretty
noticeable the Leica files were a lot
larger and image quality was a lot
smoother and more detailed and more
natural-looking
I haven't shot what this likey yet but
it's important for you to know that
there's more to this than just the red
dot I will be posting on photography
review.com full studio samples from each
camera and you can compare for yourself
quick recap of the V Lex 30 here it's a
14 megapixel camera it's got a 16
zoom lens equivalent to 24 to 384
millimeters
super long and super wide fits in your
pocket awesome 10 frames per second full
1920 by 1080 video and the AVCHD format
GPS built-in touch screen 3 inch display
full manual exposure controls this is a
badass little camera the only thing it
doesn't have is raw
this is photo John for photography
review calm thanks for watching my like
a Velux 30 intro video hope you found it
informative and I'll see you next time
in the next video